#Scanner 2.0 -- The Upgrade from BASH

Press Ctrl-c to pause the scoring engine.

##DEPENDINCIES:
Uses Python3 - 3.3.1
Uses only shipped with libs from Python3
The SSH scanner uses the OpenSSH client.
And this it should be pathed as 'ssh'

##PURPOSE:
To scan IP addresses parsing the returned banner looking for players names.
To add points to these players score

##AUTHOR:
Trevor Vranicar

##HELP
Running scanner.py -h shows all the options for this program.

##CAPABILITIES:
This program is able to take take multiple players and teams, scan their given IP addresses and check to see if any of the player's names are included in the returned text.

Starting from the beginning this program is able to read in a 'players.config' file with all the players, team, and IP specified.

Players.config

Format is PLAYER TEAM IP
This config is pretty forgiving with syntax it should work as long as you follow PLAYER TEAM IP
The delimiters are SPACE , ; : - 
That being said you can NOT enter a name or team that is two words in the config file, you can if you manually enter the player or team!
Attacking/nuetral players don't need an IP but, if one is specified it will be scanned.
This can allow multiple TEAMS to be scanned invalid IP's will be set to 0.0.0.0, and not scanned as well as loopback addresses.

The program will run "indefinatly" until you pause it with Ctrl-c

##SHORTFALLS:
Right now the scanner only scans ports 21,22,80.
I will add more as it develops.

BUGS:
None that I know but I am sure there will be some.
